hi this is sharing in this tutorial I'm
going to show you how to draw a easy
rosebud so start by drawing an oval
shape next followed by a vase looks like
it's a vase tipping over then you're
going to draw the stem which is too long
sweeping lines parallel to each other
followed by a little oval shape on the
end to show the cylindrical form draw a
diagonal line across your rosebud and
then a little swirl on the inside to
show where all the little petals are
next the rose hips and the sepals the
sepals are what hold all the flower
petals in before the bud starts to bloom
and then you're going to draw the leaf
and it's just one long line therefore
the stem and then oval shape with two
pointy ends around it so now that you've
done drawing your rose it's time to
outline it keep your wrist nice and
relaxed and just draw from one point to
the other nice and smooth
an interesting fact about the rosehips
is that they contain a lot of vitamin C
and they're also edible so when you see
the petals fall off of it rose and it
leaves behind this very large berry like
shape those are the rose hips
they're usually collected and there's
all sorts of cool stuff done with them
so there you go rose hips are edible now
that I've finished outlining my rosebud
and it's lovely stem I'm going to take
out my trusty kneaded eraser to get rid
of all the pencil lines
and now I'm going to color my rosebud I
like a nice light baby pink color to
fill it in
and for the sepals and rose hips and
stem-and-leaf I'm going to use a bright
lime green because I think it really
pops contrasts really nicely with that
baby pink
so there's your easy rosebud
tutorial I hope you enjoyed it please
share with your friends if you haven't
already subscribe to this channel and
comment in the section below what other
things you would like to see me draw
thanks